what is the deal with Pluto
isn'ta planet and get over
that's not good enough but why
are they so much later he could
do I can be a pain anymore so
you know that our five times the
mass so your headline on the
planet because it's mostly does
size really doesn't matter in
the universe and Syria did you
know that there is more bigger
compared to earth earth is I is
an earthly I'm not going to say
Pluto's two small planet if I
invoke anybody who lives on
trooper would have a justified
reason to say that you think
life because the interpreter
like you're open to represent us
playing in the water water
underneath and science at that
we do I keep talking about this
cause I don't know what else you
would call you find life on the
rope yeah you have to call them
European I would agree with no
not out of africa to speak your
mind or do you think you can
have like big life in Europe I
like a dolphin just jumped out
of the way so just like
everything we know about life
snow likely mainly whites be
something this big
well maybe something like that
you find that banks you
obviously its hostile and I got
you have come from some other
wife have like this big no life
that's happened size in this
half that I know why that
happened so you can just have a
planet of Wales and what about
the dinosaurs that a pretty big
big ones are big but there is
little dinosaurs to make movies
about it because they don't
chase you down in that place and
mister dunne